Everything was perfect expect for some small things. Room was excellent except they forgot to add hand towels on our 1st day. Toilet also didn't have bidet. Buffet breakfast has good quality food but short in variety of choices  and somehow short-staffed.

Courteous staff. Neat rooms (Lake Wing). They gave us petite cakes - my son's birthday and our anniversary (free). Huge park. Nice view of Taal Lake and Volcano. Clean swimming pool (cold). Sumptuous buffet breakfast - with bacons :) Walking distance from Skyranch. Huge parking

Bed Underpad stained with yellow thing  its like someone peed on it and other parts like someone stepped on it with dirty shoes . It only means that they didnt change the beddings!!! Complimentary fruits   with MOLDS!!!! Amazing huh!! You came here to relax

The hotel was quite nice. The food was great. The service given by the staff were excellent. It was a very memorable event for me and i look forward to staying here again. I did not get to try out the pool and other amenities

Only positives! Incredible views of the lake  perfect spacious rooms  great staff  good food at the restaurant. Would love to have stayed longer. Get the lake view rooms  it's worth the extra. Very western and modern hotel.

Dear Girlie K  Thank you very much for your review and recent stay at Taal Vista Hotel. Your feedback is extremely valuable to us and your feedback regarding our excellent service and facilities is very much appreciated. Once again  thank you and we look forward

We stayed on Mountain side  which is where the pool and gym are. The life guard at the pool was so nice. The food for the breakfast buffet was excellent. We also enjoyed the weekend lunch buffet with the cultural performance. 

A day trip from the cruise we were on was to see Tagaytay... the trip led us to this hotel which has stunning views of the Taal Volcano Island  an active volcano surrounded by Taal Lake. We lunched at this hotel and the food was

We always visit the hotel once or twice a month for a massage at the Asmara Spa. Sometimes we stay there overnight but most often  we just have our time having coffee and light meals at their lounge while waiting for our appointment at the

The view from the hotel is spectacular  it's right in front of the Taal Volcano. There are no trees  hotels disrupting the view. However  with the amount of money we paid for the stay  the food is disappointing. We stayed there for 2 nights and